Add endpoint profiling for Java (#18781)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/profiler/connect_traces_and_profiles.md

### Prerequisites

{{< programming-lang-wrapper langs="java,python,go,ruby,dotnet,php" >}}
{{< programming-lang lang="java" >}}
Endpoint profiling is enabled by default when you [turn on profiling for your Java service][1].

> Requires to [use the Datadog profiler][2], JFR is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requires [using the Datadog profiler][2]. JFR is not supported.
```
